= handlebar_wax

== What is it?

HandlebarWax is a gem to let you easily share mustache templates between your server-side and client-side code. 

On the server, HandlebarWax uses code borrowed from handlebars-rails to support `*.*.hbs` as a template type (think `foo.html.erb`, `foo.html.haml`, `foo.html.hbs`). These work pretty much exactly like you would expect they should.

For the client side, HandlebarWax writes all your templates into `public/javascripts/handlebars_templates.js`, for you to use in your JavaScript code.

== How do I use it?

1. Add it to your gemfile.

    gem "mustache_wax"

2. Add it to your layout (it's important that `:handlebar_wax` be a symbol, not a string)

    = javascript_include_tag 'stuff.js', 'things.js', :handlebar_wax

This mostly includes `javascripts/handlebars.js` and `javascripts/handlebars_templates.js`.

3. Create view files.

    (app/views/users/_user.html.hbs)

    <h1>{{greeting}},  {{user/name}}!</h1>

4. Render views from rails.

    - @user = User.first
    = render :partial => 'users/user', :locals => {:greeting => "Hello"}

Note that in MustacheWax, hbs templates understand both assigns and locals.
    
5. Render views from JavaScript

    var user = Handlebars.compile(HandlebarsTemplates['users/_user']);
    user({user: {name: "Why"}}, greeting: "Frabjous Day")

== Who made this possible?

* Steven Soroka (ssoroka) for pub-based discussion about this, and initial mustache_wax code
* Jamesarosen for handlebars-rails, which this project includes in its entirety, with very few modifications as of yet.
* Yehuda Katz (wycats) for the wonderful Handlebars.js.

== I want to help / I have an idea.

* I'm all ears. Shoot me an email or a PM.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Burke Libbey. See LICENSE.txt for further details.

